PRIVACY POLICY


We don't collect any personally identifiable information about our users. Our apps don’t actively collect any information from children. Our apps may collect technical information which does not specifically identify a user, but supports the operation of the app. We do not use any analytics for statistics data in our applications.


We understand the importance of our users’ personal information and particularly with regards to children under 13 years of age. We don’t collect or require users to enter their personal information when using our apps. We don't use technology to collect and disclose to a third party a user's personal information such as name, gender, age, address, email address, phone number, etc.


Our apps don't use or collect a user's precise geographic location.


Our apps don't contain social network integration or other social features (active links to Facebook, Twitter, or any other social network or service).


We use the following providers to serve contextual ads inside the apps. These ad networks are part of the Google Play and iTunes Appstore certified ad network program & are restricted from tracking users and serving behavioral ads. On iTunes Appstore, we have disabled IDFA and do not track any data on any of our users for games published under Beansprites LLC on the iTunes Appstore. The information is available and displayed on iTunes regarding our games which do not collect any personal data with IDFA disabled.


KIDOZ does not allow ad tracking according to their terms of service listed in the link provided. Unity ads follows COPPA guidelines and if a checkbox is enabled saying this game is targeted towards users under the age of 13, personalized ads are disabled. Admob displays contextual ads inside the game. This applies to games including, but not limited to School House Cleanup, Mermaid Glitter Cupcake Chef & additional games listed in stores.


KIDOZ: https://kidoz.net/safe_ads_policy/


Unity Ads: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy


Applovin: https://www.applovin.com/privacy/


Google Admob: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US


Our apps may contain advertising banners and users have the ability to close the advertisements and/or purchase an in-app no advertisements pack.


We have enabled settings on each of these third-party ad providers to ensure that no behavioral tracking takes place, data collected is used solely to serve contextual ads and this data is not shared with any other third parties. All ads are subject to human review for appropriateness. Generally, we use accepted safeguards and security measures in an attempt to secure the data collected is secure and require that third-party ad providers agree to do the same. Despite our best efforts, no security measures are impenetrable.


We may receive your non-personal data indirectly from the third-party ad providers. These third parties do not share your user data and such information is used to support the operation of our apps.


For more information on the use of these third parties, please view the privacy policies through the links provided above.


Our apps may contain, at times, information about our other apps with an external link to those apps on the applicable app store. This link may be found on the main, title screen by clicking “More Games.” Once you click on this link, you will be taken to the developer’s app store page.


Our apps may contain In-App Purchase to enable additional content. These In-App Purchases are purchased once, and are found on a secured parent targeted screen. We may make small, inconsequential changes to this policy with or without notice to you, so you’re encouraged to review the policy from time to time.


Our apps have been designed with the guidelines of the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in mind, as expressed in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection rule (COPPA) and strive to meet all duties and obligations under the rule of law. The rule requires operators of online services, including interactive mobile apps, to provide notice and get parental consent prior to collecting information from children under 13. The Federal Trade Commission works for consumers to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, and unfair business practices and to provide information to help spot, stop, and avoid them. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us.